Proxy: Include the code and command required for running the Proxy.

The following command runs the proxy with default configurations:
> cd Proxy/bin/

> node runProxy.js


The following command lists the possible arguments that can be used by the proxy:
> node runProxy.js -h


The following command runs the proxy with the given write_path. Make sure the directory used for the write_path exists.
> node runProxy.js   --proxy_write_path    /tmp/proxy  

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Proxy/bin/scripts:  The scripts contained in this directory are used for copying or deleting the files generated by running the proxy. The files are written in the proxy_write_path (see above).

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Proxy/node_modules/JSInstrument:  This directory contains  the library developed and used for instrumenting the JavaScript code.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Proxy/profilerLib.js : This directory contains the profiler library sent to the client.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ProcessData:  This directory includes the code of the Reporter; the code used for analyzing the data
              received from the client and finding the leaked objects.

Examples:

The following command analyzes the data collected during the execution of the Octane benchmark suite:

> bash ProcessData/Analyze/runAll.sh


The following command analyzes the data collected during the execution of web applications:
> bash ProcessData/Analyze/runAllWeb.sh

To see the result of analysis on data collected during the execution of the Octane benchmark suite:
> cd ProcessData/Analyze/Graph


To see the result of analysis on data collected during the execution of web applications:
> cd ProcessData/Analyze/GraphWeb

To generate the time-count graphs for all the allocation and reference site in a specific test case (for example, pdf.js benchmark):
> bash ProcessData/Analyze/makeallcount.sh  ProcessData/Analyze/Graph/pdf

To generate the collective-staleness graphs for all the allocation and reference site in a specific test case (for example, pdf.js benchmark):
> bash ProcessData/Analyze/makeallcdf.sh   ProcessData/Analyze/Graph/pdf


since the size of data for all the cases would be very large (about 7G) only few samples
are uploaded. More data could be provided upon request.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

To see the data collected while running LeakSpot during the execution of Benchmarks:
> cd Data/BenchmarkRepeat


To see the data collected while running LeakSpot during the execution of web applications:
> cd Data/OpenSourceWebApps  
> cd Data/WebApps:


since the size of data for all cases would be very large (more than 17G) only samples
are uploaded. More data could be provided upon request.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

visualizeVISJSLib: This directory contains the library used for visualizing the allocation-site graph. More specifically:
> open visualizeVISJSLib/DRAW/index.html in browser

enter the input files (node files and edges files) as generated by the analysis performed on the data
collected during execution of the test case and then press "visualize Graph". The other 
inputs are optional.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ComparisonExperiment: This directory contains the result of comparison experiment, section 6.5 of the paper.
